# Meetings minutes

## Meeting 1.
* **DATE:** 06.02
* **PARTICIPANTS:** Niklas Raesalmi, Md. Nur-e-ferdaus, Niranjan Sreegith, Huan Vo
* **TEACHER:** Mika Oja

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*
- Reduce the number of concepts, it was mutually discussed and decided that we would get rid of the recommendations feature. 
- In case if we add recommendation then that would need mor ework like creaing more resources like order history.

### Notes
*Add here notes that you consider important. This is not mandatory*


## Meeting 2.
* **DATE:** 16.02.2026
* **PARTICIPANTS:** Niklas Raesalmi, MD. Nur-E Ferdaus
* **TEACHER:** Mika Oja

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*
- Recommend using python "Black" for formatting the code.
- Replace requirements.txt with pyproject.
- Refine project structure.
- Add heading for instructions in REAME.md file.

### Notes
*Add here notes that you consider important. This is not mandatory*
- SQL table order structure was discussed and that formatting of one-row one-ticket is the best structure for performance instead of the considered Json formatting.

## Meeting 3.
* **DATE:**
* **PARTICIPANTS:**
* **TEACHER:**

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*

### Notes
*Add here notes that you consider important. This is not mandatory*


## Meeting 4.
* **DATE:**
* **PARTICIPANTS:**
* **TEACHER:**

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*

### Notes
*Add here notes that you consider important. This is not mandatory*


## Midterm meeting
* **DATE:**
* **PARTICIPANTS:**
* **TEACHER:**

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*

### Notes
*Add here notes that you consider important. This is not mandatory*


## Final meeting
* **DATE:**
* **PARTICIPANTS:**
* **TEACHER:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Notes
*Add here notes that you consider important. This is not mandatory*



